the three Palestinian American
University students were in Burlington
Vermont for the Thanksgiving holidays
visiting the relatives of one of the
20-year-olds this photo is reported to
have been taken just before they went
for a walk two were wearing the cafea
the traditional Palestinian headdress as
scarves police say they have no
information as to a motive and the
gunman didn't say anything before
shooting but Among The Avenues of
Investigation whether this was a hate
crime the fact of the gunman did not
even shout then it makes matters even
worse because at that point somebody
just walking up to individuals we the
cafe and then shooting them for no
apparent reason it it's even now more
clear uh that it is a hate crime they
were not robbed uh it wasn't a domestic
violence uh situation and it's not
somebody that they know or somebody that
could have targeted them for any other
reason the three of graduates of a
school in rala in the occupied West Bank
they're now studying at Harvard Brown
and Trinity universities in the US we
are a Quaker School in uh Palestine we
were established in 1869 and we have the
International Balor program most of our
students um let's say even um as a a
number of like 40% of our students they
study abroad in the US and in in Europe
the students families issued this
statement we call on law enforcement to
conduct a thorough investigation
including treating this as a hate crime
we will not be comfortable until the
shooter is brought to Justice we need to
ensure that our children are protected
and this heinous crime is not
repeated
since the war on Gaza AR rise and
attacks on Arab Americans and those
simply calling for a ceasefire has been
reported around the US Shany Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer